release: v1.42.0 (#4766)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_jwt_source.md

### Support loading JWT from other sources ([PR #4711](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4711))

> The token can be stored in different headers, but it can also be carried by a cookie. This adds cookies as an alternative source of tokens, and allows multiple alternative sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The router supports the new `authentication.router.jwt.sources` option. It enables cookies as an alternative source for tokens and allows multiple alternative sources.

For details, see the [sources configuration option](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/authn-jwt#sources).

```
